contrib/README.md, before:

Repository Tools
---------------------

### [Developer tools](/contrib/devtools) ###
Specific tools for developers working on this repository.
Contains the script `github-merge.py` for merging GitHub pull requests securely and signing them using GPG.

### [Verify-Commits](/contrib/verify-commits) ###
Tool to verify that every merge commit was signed by a developer using the above `github-merge.py` script.

### [Linearize](/contrib/linearize) ###
Construct a linear, no-fork, best version of the blockchain.

### [Qos](/contrib/qos) ###

A Linux bash script that will set up traffic control (tc) to limit the outgoing bandwidth for connections to the Bitcoin network. This means one can have an always-on bitcoind instance running, and another local bitcoind/bitcoin-qt instance which connects to this node and receives blocks from it.

### [Seeds](/contrib/seeds) ###
Utility to generate the pnSeed[] array that is compiled into the client.

Build Tools and Keys
---------------------

### [Debian](/contrib/debian) ###
Contains files used to package bitcoind/bitcoin-qt
for Debian-based Linux systems. If you compile bitcoind/bitcoin-qt yourself, there are some useful files here.

### [Gitian-descriptors](/contrib/gitian-descriptors) ###
Notes on getting Gitian builds up and running using KVM.

### [Gitian-keys](/contrib/gitian-keys)
PGP keys used for signing Bitcoin Core [Gitian release](/doc/release-process.md) results.

### [MacDeploy](/contrib/macdeploy) ###
Scripts and notes for Mac builds. 

### [RPM](/contrib/rpm) ###
RPM spec file for building bitcoin-core on RPM based distributions

### [Gitian-build](/contrib/gitian-build.sh) ###
Script for running full Gitian builds.

Test and Verify Tools 
---------------------

### [TestGen](/contrib/testgen) ###
Utilities to generate test vectors for the data-driven Bitcoin tests.

### [Verify Binaries](/contrib/verifybinaries) ###
This script attempts to download and verify the signature file SHA256SUMS.asc from bitcoin.org.

Commit message:

Litecoin: Branding
# Conflicts:
#	.gitignore
#	contrib/seeds/README.md
#	doc/README.md
#	doc/README_windows.txt
#	doc/release-process.md
#	qa/rpc-tests/README.md
#	src/Makefile.qt.include
#	src/Makefile.qttest.include
#	src/Makefile.test.include
#	src/bitcoind.cpp
#	src/qt/forms/intro.ui
#	src/qt/test/test_main.cpp
#	src/rpc/mining.cpp
#	src/rpc/rawtransaction.cpp
#	src/validation.cpp
#	src/wallet/rpcdump.cpp
#	src/wallet/rpcwallet.cpp

contrib/README.md, after:

Repository Tools
---------------------

### [Developer tools](/contrib/devtools) ###
Specific tools for developers working on this repository.
Contains the script `github-merge.py` for merging GitHub pull requests securely and signing them using GPG.

### [Verify-Commits](/contrib/verify-commits) ###
Tool to verify that every merge commit was signed by a developer using the above `github-merge.py` script.

### [Linearize](/contrib/linearize) ###
Construct a linear, no-fork, best version of the blockchain.

### [Qos](/contrib/qos) ###

A Linux bash script that will set up traffic control (tc) to limit the outgoing bandwidth for connections to the Litecoin network. This means one can have an always-on litecoind instance running, and another local litecoind/litecoin-qt instance which connects to this node and receives blocks from it.

### [Seeds](/contrib/seeds) ###
Utility to generate the pnSeed[] array that is compiled into the client.

Build Tools and Keys
---------------------

### [Debian](/contrib/debian) ###
Contains files used to package litecoind/litecoin-qt
for Debian-based Linux systems. If you compile litecoind/litecoin-qt yourself, there are some useful files here.

### [Gitian-descriptors](/contrib/gitian-descriptors) ###
Notes on getting Gitian builds up and running using KVM.

### [Gitian-keys](/contrib/gitian-keys)
PGP keys used for signing Litecoin Core [Gitian release](/doc/release-process.md) results.

### [MacDeploy](/contrib/macdeploy) ###
Scripts and notes for Mac builds. 

### [RPM](/contrib/rpm) ###
RPM spec file for building litecoin-core on RPM based distributions

### [Gitian-build](/contrib/gitian-build.sh) ###
Script for running full Gitian builds.

Test and Verify Tools 
---------------------

### [TestGen](/contrib/testgen) ###
Utilities to generate test vectors for the data-driven Litecoin tests.

### [Verify Binaries](/contrib/verifybinaries) ###
This script attempts to download and verify the signature file SHA256SUMS.asc from litecoin.org.
